don't it I want to go on to the Part B
which we call the turn it has a similar
structure line 1 and line 3 or 7 so once
you learn line 1 you just repeat it for
line 3
here's line 1 that's line 1 I want to do
it again starts with a push on 7 line 2
starts the same way
WOB up the line three right same thing
as line one I know at the last line
whatever you go really slow like I'm
doing right now it's it's really easy to
get lost so what I want to do is play it
up to speed but understand that you have
to you have to you have to kind of be
able to work it meant for many different
angles like an artist does sometimes you
have to get real close to the canvas and
sometimes you have to step back
this is stepping back in and this is it
you may not may not be able to follow it
all if it's Newton but you'll get it
eventually I was like this
mother
now that if you know that that's very
important to get in your head at that
speed it's easy to get into your head
right I mean it's something you might
could whistle you know if the first part
I hear I can hear people humming with me
you know we did part a because I played
it a bunch of times over there and I've
talked about it it's in your head and
that's important it's got to be in your
head the B part I can see some people
that are sort of looking at me with
question marks in their eyes and it's
because you haven't heard this five
million times yet if you hear it over
and over again at a moderate rate of
speed you get it in your head then when
you come back to slowing it down it's
going to make a whole lot of sense so
you might want to kind of learn it like
to where you can whistle and then go to
that slow part and see you know I'm not
I'm not sure how to do it on the corny
and I have it in my head and I'm not
sure then go to the slow part if you're
just lost you know I'm saying sometimes
you go you got to go forward and taking
then you got to go backwards in the tape
once you get it so I want to play Part A
and Part B blood it up right next to
each other just using three fingers with
correct rhythm and a good tempo okay
here we go bare bones
to go one two three
haha
Oh
are you going by de part again I'm not
going to do it right now
okay that's all fine and good once you
get that simple version in your mind in
your head and you get your fingers to do
that then it's time to start fleshing it
out